Hi,
I have completed the algorithm to train machine learning & deep learning based classifiers using
our image dataset. 
Now, we will simply select type of images to train classifiers and our classifier will be 
trained on that specific type of images.
 
As we know that, we have 4 different type of image dataset
1- Original  		(complete images)
2- Forniceal		(cropped forniceal images)
3- Forniceal Palpebral 	(cropped forniceal palpebral images)
4- Palpebral		(cropped palpebral images)

After finishing this algorithm part, I have further worked on feature extraction algorithms to
extract features from images and train classifiers on those extracted features. Initially, I have
selected histogram of local binary patterns (LBPH). 

The methodology of LBPH is explained as follows:  

*** Local Binary Patterns Histogram (LBPH) ***

Local Binary Pattern Histogram is a simple and fast approach to extract features from
image. The local features are computed using the concept of sliding window. The steps
involved in computation of LBPH are as follows:

1. The center of a window is picked as threshold and compared with other points around it.
2. A ’0’ is placed if the value is less than threshold and ’1’ otherwise.
3. Combine these binary values either clockwise or anti-clockwise to create a binary number.
4. Convert this binary number into decimal and place this newly computed number at the center of window.
5. Divide the image into smaller patched and compute histogram for each patch.
6. Concatenate the histograms of patches to create the final feature vector.

I have used skimage based implementation of LBPH to generate features from image. After feature 
extraction and performing some preprocessing I have fed the data to the classifiers and trained
the classifiers on different combinations of hyperparameters. The performance of these classifiers
on best hyperparameters is as follows. 

Classifier	ImageDataType			Accuracy
SVM			Original		75%
SVM			Forniceal		71%
SVM			Forniceal Palpebral	68%
SVM			Palpebral		68%

KNN			Original		68%		
KNN			Forniceal		67%
KNN			Forniceal Palpebral	65%
KNN			Palpebral		65%

Random Forest		Original		68%	
Random Forest		Forniceal		64%
Random Forest		Forniceal Palpebral	67%
Random Forest		Palpebral		68%

MLP			Original		74%	
MLP			Forniceal		67%
MLP			Forniceal Palpebral	66%	
MLP			Palpebral		66%

From the trend in the results, it is very clear that we will have more good results on our 
original image dataset. For now, we have acheived highest performance of 75% by SVM at original
image dataset. By these results, I am confident we will acheive more good results on HOG, SURF, 
SIFT & ORB features. And further CNN will give more robust results . 


Secondly, I have implemented HOG descriptor as well, tomorrow I will finish working with machine
learning classifiers given HOG, Surf, SIFT and ORB and then will start working on CNN. 

I have attached lbp folder containing script to train classifiers on our 4 different type of 
image datasets. It is very time consuming to generate LBPH features, due to which I am attaching 
my generated features as well. You can use these features or generate new one by uncommenting code
in the files (I have mentioned where you have option to load generated features or generate new one). 
		